{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Spellcard Explanations\
\
001: [Sparkle] Thundershock\
Pikachu, honing\
This attack is a small easy attack. It is possible to stream the entire thing, but this is stage 1, and players aren't expected to know how to dodge danmaku, so it's easy as a result. Then again, it's not that powerful to begin with...\
\
002: [Thunder Sign] Spiral Thunder Blast\
Pikachu, heading swap\
This attack is scary when you first see it. However, it's not very difficult. Just keep in mind that it's a different heading each time, and that it's not a preset pattern, even if it seems like it. On Hard and Lunatic, freaking out will most likely result in a loss.\
\
003: [Thunderbolt] Electrical Storm Blaze\
Pikachu, honing pattern\
Rings and lasers. Nothing more to be said. Can lag a bit, and you need to beware of double bullets later on.\
\
004: [Spring of Life] Leaves in the Bright Sky\
Celebi, moving pattern\
In this spell, Celebi moves and spins, bullets flying out of her familiars while she does no attacking. Her familiars can't be damaged, and make sure that you actually hit her.\
\
005: [Spring of Time] Withering Leaves of Time\
Celebi, moving pattern\
In this spell, Celebi adds another ring of familiars, but some of the leaves seem to have died with time. It's much more beautiful though. Similar strategies apply, but the bullets are less dense, although there are a lot more of them. The difference between Hard and Lunatic is also pretty big.\
\
006: [Leaf Sign] Rings of Leaves, Bubbles of Time\
Celebi, honing pattern\
Shikis face you and blast bullets while Celebi blasts rings using time. Try to move around a bit so that you don't get trapped.\
\
007: [Leaf Shower] Gently Falling Leaves\
Celebi, Pattern\
Shikis blast bullets, and Celebi occasionally fires several walls of doom. You can risk minute dodging inside the shikigami circle, but expect to be skewered by Celebi.\
\
008: [Leaf Sign] Psychic Leaves of Time\
Celebi, random fall\
One set of shikigamis blasts bullets, another set blasts bullets. And occasionally, pink bullets will fly at you.\
\
009: [Time Sign] Frozen Rings of Leaves\
Celebi, honing\
Supposed to reminiscent of Moriya's Iron Ring, but that failed. Nice to look at though. Time lapse rings and honing rings as well.}